[PR-19747] Update Shopify integration doc (#310)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/integration/ecommerce_platforms/shopify.rst

|space_indent| - Provide a valid Shopify store URL. Example: |example_link|. |br|
|space_indent| - Choose “Shopify” as your platform during registration process

> 2. Visit the install link that has been provided by the Integration team. You will be redirected to your Shopify store, log in and click the install button

Reviewer: I'd change it to
```suggestion
2. Install the Shopify integration app via the link provided by Talkable team
```

> 3. After successful installation you will be redirected back to Talkable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After the successful installation you will be redirected back to Talkable
```

4. Click “Integrate automatically“
5. Turn on coupon auto-sync checkbox
6. Create, set up, and launch Campaigns (Invite, Advocate Dashboard, etc.)

> 7. Verify your integration using :ref:`Verifying Integration instructions <integration/verify>`.

Reviewer: Lets be consistent with `.`
```suggestion
7. Verify your integration using :ref:`Verifying Integration instructions <integration/verify>`
```
